python-client/README.md, before:

# django-s3-file-field-client
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-s3-file-field-client)](https://pypi.org/project/django-s3-file-field-client/)

A Python client library for django-s3-file-field.

## Installation
```bash
pip install django-s3-file-field-client
```

## Usage
```python
import requests
from s3_file_field_client import S3FileFieldClient

api_client = requests.Session()  # This can be used to set authentication headers, etc.

s3ff_client = S3FileFieldClient(
    'http://localhost:8000/api/v1/s3-upload/',  # The path mounted in urlpatterns
    api_client,  # This argument is optional
)
with open('/path/to/my_file.txt', 'rb') as file_stream:  # Open in binary mode
    field_value = s3ff_client.upload_file(
        file_stream,  # This can be any file-like object
        'my_file.txt',
        'core.File.blob'  # The "<app>.<model>.<field>" to upload to
    )

api_client.post(
    'http://localhost:8000/api/v1/file/',  # This is particular to the application
    json={
        'blob': field_value,  # This should match the field uploaded to (e.g. 'core.File.blob')
        ...: ...,   # Other fields for the POST request 
    }
)
```

Commit message:

Add a content_type parameter to the Python client

python-client/README.md, after:

# django-s3-file-field-client
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-s3-file-field-client)](https://pypi.org/project/django-s3-file-field-client/)

A Python client library for django-s3-file-field.

## Installation
```bash
pip install django-s3-file-field-client
```

## Usage
```python
import requests
from s3_file_field_client import S3FileFieldClient

api_client = requests.Session()  # This can be used to set authentication headers, etc.

s3ff_client = S3FileFieldClient(
    'http://localhost:8000/api/v1/s3-upload/',  # The path mounted in urlpatterns
    api_client,  # This argument is optional
)
with open('/path/to/my_file.txt', 'rb') as file_stream:  # Open in binary mode
    field_value = s3ff_client.upload_file(
        file_stream=file_stream,  # This can be any file-like object
        file_name='my_file.txt',
        file_content_type='text/plain',
        field_id='core.File.blob',  # The "<app>.<model>.<field>" to upload to
    )

api_client.post(
    'http://localhost:8000/api/v1/file/',  # This is particular to the application
    json={
        'blob': field_value,  # This should match the field uploaded to (e.g. 'core.File.blob')
        ...: ...,   # Other fields for the POST request
    }
)
```
