README.md, before:

# django-s3-file-field

[![PyPI version
 shields.io](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-s3-file-field.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-s3-file-field/)
![PyPI - Python
 Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/django-s3-file-field)
![PyPI - Django Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/djversions/django-s3-file-field)

`django-s3-file-field` is a Django widget library for uploading files directly to S3
(or MinIO) through the browser. django-s3-file-field heavily depends on the
[django-storages](https://github.com/jschneier/django-storages) package.

## Quickstart
Ensure you've configured your Django installation to use `django-storages` for S3 access: https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/amazon-S3.html.

Install the django-s3-file-field package:
```sh
pip install django-s3-file-field
```

Add `s3_file_field` to your `INSTALLED_APPS`:
```python
INSTALLED_APPS = [
 ...
 's3_file_field',
]
```

Add the required settings:
```python
S3FF_UPLOAD_STS_ARN = '' # see STS Role section below (not required for minio)
```

Add the appropriate routes to `urls.py`:
```python
urlpatterns = [
    ...
    path('api/s3-upload/', include('s3_file_field.urls')),
]
```


## Usage
```python
from s3_file_field import S3FileField

class Car(db.Model):
    ...
    owners_manual = S3FileField()
```


## Running checks

django-s3-file-field can detect common misconfigurations using Django's built in [System check
framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/topics/checks/). To confirm
your configuration is correct, run:

``` sh
./manage.py check
```


## Advanced Topics

### Advanced configuration

| Key                  | Default          | Description                                 |
| -------------------  | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| S3FF_UPLOAD_STS_ARN  | none             | ...                                         |


#### STS configuration
#### CORS configuration

This is a minimal function CORS configuration for an S3 bucket to be compatible with django-s3-file-field:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<CORSConfiguration xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
<CORSRule>
    <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
    <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedOrigin>*</AllowedOrigin>
    <ExposeHeader>Connection</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>Content-Length</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>Date</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>ETag</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>Server</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>x-amz-delete-marker</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>x-amz-version-id</ExposeHeader>
    <MaxAgeSeconds>600</MaxAgeSeconds>
</CORSRule>
</CORSConfiguration>
```

Note: These are insecure defaults, the allowed origin and headers should not be a wildcard but instead
modified for your specific deployment(s).

### MinIO support
MinIO support depends on the django-minio-storage config (see https://django-minio-storage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/), following settings are used

### Security considerations


### Integrating with forms
 note on form.media


### Extending

django-s3-file-field sends out two signals when its REST api is called:

```python
s3_file_field_upload_prepare(name: str, object_key: str)
s3_file_field_upload_finalize(name: str, object_key: str, status: string)
```
### API Reference

Commit message:

Add section to README on form media injection

README.md, after:

# django-s3-file-field

[![PyPI version
 shields.io](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-s3-file-field.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-s3-file-field/)
![PyPI - Python
 Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/django-s3-file-field)
![PyPI - Django Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/djversions/django-s3-file-field)

`django-s3-file-field` is a Django widget library for uploading files directly to S3
(or MinIO) through the browser. django-s3-file-field heavily depends on the
[django-storages](https://github.com/jschneier/django-storages) package.

## Quickstart
Ensure you've configured your Django installation to use `django-storages` for S3 access: https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/amazon-S3.html.

Install the django-s3-file-field package:
```sh
pip install django-s3-file-field
```

Add `s3_file_field` to your `INSTALLED_APPS`:
```python
INSTALLED_APPS = [
 ...
 's3_file_field',
]
```

Add the required settings:
```python
S3FF_UPLOAD_STS_ARN = '' # see STS Role section below (not required for minio)
```

Add the appropriate routes to `urls.py`:
```python
urlpatterns = [
    ...
    path('api/s3-upload/', include('s3_file_field.urls')),
]
```


## Usage
```python
from s3_file_field import S3FileField

class Car(db.Model):
    ...
    owners_manual = S3FileField()
```


## Running checks

django-s3-file-field can detect common misconfigurations using Django's built in [System check
framework](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/topics/checks/). To confirm
your configuration is correct, run:

``` sh
./manage.py check
```


## Advanced Topics

### Advanced configuration

| Key                  | Default          | Description                                 |
| -------------------  | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| S3FF_UPLOAD_STS_ARN  | none             | ...                                         |


#### STS configuration
#### CORS configuration

This is a minimal function CORS configuration for an S3 bucket to be compatible with django-s3-file-field:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<CORSConfiguration xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
<CORSRule>
    <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
    <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedOrigin>*</AllowedOrigin>
    <ExposeHeader>Connection</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>Content-Length</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>Date</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>ETag</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>Server</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>x-amz-delete-marker</ExposeHeader>
    <ExposeHeader>x-amz-version-id</ExposeHeader>
    <MaxAgeSeconds>600</MaxAgeSeconds>
</CORSRule>
</CORSConfiguration>
```

Note: These are insecure defaults, the allowed origin and headers should not be a wildcard but instead
modified for your specific deployment(s).

### MinIO support
MinIO support depends on the django-minio-storage config (see https://django-minio-storage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/), following settings are used

### Security considerations


### Integrating with forms
 note on form.media
If you want to use an S3FileField in a form, some extra client code needs to be injected into your frontend.
The form submission only communicates with Django, so the web client has to somehow send that data directly to S3 before the form is submitted.
The necessary `<script>` is available in templates as `form.media`, which should be embedded into your form template similarly to this:
```
...
<head>
  {{ form.media }}
</head>
...
```
The script will detect any S3FileFields being rendered in forms and dynamically rewrite them so that they upload data directly to S3 whenever a file is selected.

### Extending

django-s3-file-field sends out two signals when its REST api is called:

```python
s3_file_field_upload_prepare(name: str, object_key: str)
s3_file_field_upload_finalize(name: str, object_key: str, status: string)
```
### API Reference
